[SMP-1418] Add minio.yaml details to SMP self-signed certificates topic (#2168)
harness/developer-hub: docs/self-managed-enterprise-edition/self-managed-helm-based-install/how-to-use-self-signed-certificates-with-self-managed.md

   **Skip step 5 if your delegates do not run with Harness CI or STO**

> 5. CI builds require the addition of the following environment variables to the `env` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. (Required) Add the following environment variables to the `env` field:
```
